next one we have is the orgasm pistons
common girls night out bachelorette
parties they love to order these things
and they can be shooters so if somebody
orders an orgasm I'll just ask them did
you want the shooter did you want the
cocktail by the way the alcohols that
are going into the drink and the
ingredients are exactly the same so to
help you remember an orgasm I'm going to
reference a study they did at the local
state college here and they found that
eighty percent of all the orgasms in
your life will happen on your back
interesting and of course debatable but
back is an acronym for the ingredients
in this drink B is Bailey's a amaretto C
is cream and K is Kahlua aha so remember
orgasms happen on your back BAC K this
drink has an ounce and a half of alcohol
so we're going into our tall glass and
we'll go be Bailey's a amaretto this is
good drink to use two hands one two of
each of those then your cream you want
to put in last put your alcohols in
first whenever you're making cocktails
is that's what I'm paying for as a
customer so that's what I want and when
you put your alcohols in first then you
don't have to count your mixers or your
fillers so then we'll go k12 with our
Kahlua and then fill with milk or cream
tada
orgasm your drink version anyway then
there's another version of this it's
called a screaming orgasm so the
screaming orgasm all you do is you take
vodka and you go one two on top of that
there you go now it's a screaming orgasm
so that's just going to get the job done
for you a whole lot quicker
you